Hey, hobby.
Hey Ben, how you doing?
Good, how's the job going?
Oh, machines running great.
Ben, I did have a question on the specs for the Harrison job.
Can we take a quick look?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You need a hand?
No, I'm good.
What happened, guys?
We got to do something out.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did...
I'm pretty sure that...
I would just say it's not working.
Whatever you do, don't tell Victor what happened.
We just got this set up last month.
Why would it just stop working?
It could happen.
Ugh.
You can actually smell the coffee.
I'll talk to Victor.
Don't throw yourself under the bus, man.
We'll help you get this cleaned up.
No one will have to know.
This is one of the most expensive units in the shop.
You take the blame?
And you just make it yourself look bad.
No, it's okay.
It was a mistake.
I'll explain it.
We need to get this back online.
In the end, I think Victor actually appreciated my honesty.
And he wasn't the only one.
Mark had some questions.
And we had a great discussion.